## TDR Generated GraphQL

This project generates, packages and deploys the case classes generated by the [sbt-graphql](https://github.com/muuki88/sbt-graphql) project to the sonatype nexus.

These classes are used by other TDR repositories to communicate with the consignment API.

### Building locally
1. Add a new query file to `src/main/graphql`:
2.  Run `sbt graphqlSchemaGen` in the [consignment api](https://github.com/nationalarchives/tdr-consignment-api) project. This will generate a `schema.graphql` file in the `target/sbt-graphql` directory
3. Copy this `schema.graphql` file
4. Switch back to the `generated-graphl` repo
5. Paste the file into the `src/main/resources` directory
6. Run the following commands to allow you to check that your changes work locally before submitting them:
#### Scala version
  * `sbt package publishLocal`

This will place a snapshot version of the built project jar in the local .ivy cache folder: $HOME/.ivy2/local/uk.gov.nationalarchives/tdr-generated-graphql_2.13/[version number]-SNAPSHOT

Other sbt projects that have this project as a dependency can access the local snapshot version by changing the version number in their build.sbt file, for example:
  ```
  ... other dependencies...
  "uk.gov.nationalarchives" %% "tdr-generated-graphql" % "[version number]-SNAPSHOT"
  ... other dependences...
  ```
  
#### Typescript version  
The following commands create a symbolic link to the generated Typescript version of the schema.
1. In this project: `cd ts`
2. In the ts directory: `npm run codegen`
3. In the ts directory: `npm link`
    * From the output of this command copy the following line: `@nationalarchives/tdr-generated-graphql`.
4. Navigate to the project that uses the generated schema in its Typescript code. In this project navigate to the relevant npm directory and run this command in that directory: `npm link @nationalarchives/tdr-generated-graphql`

See the following blog post for more information on `npm link` and instructions to undo the symbolic link: https://medium.com/@alexishevia/the-magic-behind-npm-link-d94dcb3a81af 

### Releasing
* Commit and push the new query file that sits in `src/main/graphql`
* Open a pull request, and merge to master once it has been reviewed.
* This project should be run manually in Jenkins.

#### To Run Jenkins Manually
* Go to the TDR Graphql Code Generation job in Jenkins. 
* Click on 'Build with parameters'
* Leave STAGE option as 'intg' and paste the schema from the consignemnt api repo into the SCHEMA section.
* You can look at the console output when/after you run the jenkins build to help bug fix etc.

### TDR Documentation
The full documentation for the TDR project can be found [here](https://github.com/nationalarchives/tdr-dev-documentation)